I think a lot of times people are afraid
that kids won't get it and it causes
them to pull back we were putting the
show together we saw a lot of the
children's shows out there were every
character was either a jerk or an idiot
and and we wanted it to be a little
night you know they wanted everybody be
nicer to each other in the show and see
if we could still make it edgy show
without going to that mean place we want
to do a show that doesn't talk down to
kids in any way glad you liked the card
mom it's a simple postmodern fusion of
origami and pop up yeah we believe that
kids could follow three complex plot
lines without any problem and sure
enough kids get that just the way you
like it half half double frappe mocha
chocolata mezzo espresso Wow when you
get a little kid you come up to you
comes up to you and says I really like
your show because it's smart that gives
you chills there's no way I'm letting
this baby out of my sight fame is
fleeting but the Internet is forever and
you never know who is gonna see it it's
a great thing you know a resource for
kids but because it's sort of hard to
limit what you can get to through
through three clicks on a mouse it's
good to tell kids up front you got to be
careful it's there's bad stuff out there
to kids feel like nowadays I think
anything that you know that you see in
print or see on video or see on the
internet is true and it's a giant pot of
unverifiable information it's not very
helpful if you don't fact-check and have
a certain context for it don't just imed
me but someone else heard that Jeremy is
gonna call you and ask you out for a
very special tonight I think you just
keep the personal stuff to yourself or
to your closest friends
I've got a nine-year-old he'll
spurting out information that I'll said
anything where'd you get debt well this
kid at school said that if you know that
sounds like that comes from the internet
yes let me tell you why that isn't
actually true but it sounds cool I agree
that it's cool just not necessarily true
you